[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 1942 romantic drama film
Casablanca so let's get started in
December 1941 Casablanca serves as a
town where refugees try to reach America
for safety American Rick Blaine owns a
nightclub / gambling den in Casablanca
that attracts both French and German
officials and people seeking passage to
the States
a crook enters the nightclub to sell
letters of transit allowing for travel
to safety priceless to the refugees
stranded in Casablanca and Rick ends up
in possession of the letters
Rick's former lover Isla accompanied by
her husband Victor arrived at the
nightclub they need the letters to
escape to America to continue Victor's
work as he is a renowned fugitive
resistance leader German major Straus
has come to Casablanca to see that
Victor fails after making inquiries
Victor suspects that Rick has letters
Rick refuses to sell in any price
telling Victor to ask his wife the
reason
shortly after Strasser has captain Louis
Renault close the club Isla confronts
Rick at the close Club and when he
refuses to give her the letters she
threatens him with a gun but then
confesses that she still loves him she
explains that when they met and fell in
love in Paris in 1940 she believed her
husband had been killed attempting to
escape from a concentration camp while
preparing to flee with Rick
she learned Victor was alive and in
hiding he grieves to help letting her
believe that she will stay when Victor
leaves Victor shows up having narrowly
escaped a police raid and Rick has isla
leave Victor tries to persuade Rick to
use the letters to take Isla to safety
the police arrest Victor on a minor
charge and Wieck persuades Renault to
release him by promising to set him up
for the more serious crime with
possession of the letters when Renault
tries to arrest Victor Rick puts him at
gunpoint and makes Isle aboard the plane
with Victor telling her that she would
regret it if she stayed Straus er tipped
off by Renault is shot when he tries to
intervene when police arrive Renault
pauses then orders them away to round up
the usual suspects suggesting to Rick
that they join forces prompting the
famous last line from Rick Lou
I think this is the beginning of a
beautiful friendship so that was a
spoiler for Casablanca if you have a
film you'd like to see a spoil let us
know in the comments below check out
movie's spoiler alerts on Instagram and
remember to like and subscribe thanks
for watching